week1

Read the projects topic carefully, and decide on the project after consulting with the team.
Team members introduce themselves, get to know each other's technology stacks.
We discuss future directions for collaboration. Created the Jira site.

week2

The team discussed the features needed for the project and determined when and how to communicate with the client.
Discussed and documented the direction and details to focus on when communicating with the client.
Confirmed the division of responsibilities between team members.

week3

The background, value, and technology stack of the project were discussed around the proposal.
Completed the background and project design. Initialization of the project proposal.

week4

Learn about the design of similar websites, and start designing the front-end pages of the website. 
Search the database for the back-end model. Design the introduction page.

week5

Completed the design of the introduction page, and synchronized the design style of the page. 
Synchronize the navigation bar and footer with my teammates' design. 
Find existing web design elements for reference.

week6

Completion of the introduction page. 
Design of the model introduction web page and preparation of the documentation required for the web page. 

week7

Write a page for displaying the model results, optimizing the previously designed page.

week8

All web interfaces are completed, synchronized with teammates for web styling, and configured with a complete front-end and back-end environment. 
Running all the preliminary project code on the computer for this week's demo.

week9
Modified the settings of some web pages. Modified the error image of the model introduction page. 
Module settings of web pages updated. New data preprocessing page.

week10
New introduction pages for Model 2, Model 3 and Model 4. Modify the introduction page. Add Model 2, Model 3, Model 4. introduction and link modules. 
Communicate with teammates to standardize style and schedule.

