week 1
The team has been formed and the group name has been decided.
A scrum master is selected.
The topic selection direction was discussed and the project description of all the related projects was read.
After discussion with team members, we selected the project 6.
Brainstorm the functions that need to be implemented.

week 2
The specific requirements of the project were discussed with the client.
Discussions with team members roughly determined the technical route of the project.
After discussion, a rough division of labor was made.

week 3
Many user stories were identified.
Read a lot of project-related papers and discuss the novel functions of our project.
The deep learning model framework to be used is discussed.
Write a complete proposal.

week 4
Meeting with the client to understand the specific functions to be implemented.
Read papers and write a literature review at the request of the client.

week 5
Meeting with the tutor for demo A.
Discussing what went well and what did not go so well.
Summarizes the tasks to try in the next sprint and complete the retrospective report A.

week 6
Solved the problem of the data set and started to use it for training the backend model.
Configuring the environment and using the GPU on online server to train the model.

week 7
We didn' t have meeting with client this week, because she is not available.
We trained two new models on the dataset and got a better result.
We mainly focused on the implementation of frontend functionalitie this week.

week 8
We completed the sign up and log in function.
We started intergrating the frontend annotation and the backend models.
We allocated the asignees and the story points on the jira site and got the burndown chart on the site.

week 9
We mainly worked on the intergration of the frontend and backend models.
We developed a new function of store the users' data history after logging in.
We had regular meeting with the client this week.

week 10
We worked mainly on testing the whole system this week for the final demo.
We started writing the final report this week.
We solved several bugs in both frontend and backend models and the system is ready for users to use.
